okay Marcus
I'm put it in your hand sweetie yeah he
drops it on the ground good then you say
give it to me put it my hand no putting
your hands on the ground does not count
as having him put it in your hand he's
already dropped it yesterday you have to
say give it to me and you stand there
and wait while you're standing up so no
don't bend down stand up and say give it
to me where is it where is it come on
where is it put your hand out put your
hand out where is it Xander give it to
Marcus give it to Marcus cuz it's right
there don't you see it
where is a van der just pick it up if
not being very clever for you I'll do it
because I couldn't even bend over after
I had the surgery so I said I can't
reach I can't reach you better put up my
hand and he put up my hand whoo good job
Xander good catch they put up my hand
oh sure whoo get can't Zander